In this module, I want to refresh your knowledge on the promise API and the fetch API.
Both are native web technologies but not supported in all browsers which is why in this module, we'll also
add polyfills to make sure we can use these techniques in older browsers too. In whichever browser,
we thereafter use it, we'll practice how it works in this module.
We'll have a look at how a promise works, what the fetch API is, how the fetch API compares to the traditional
Ajax request and why all of that is needed when working with service workers and creating a progressive
web app.
Therefore after this module,
we'll all be on the same page when it comes to these APIs
and you're well prepared to use these tools throughout the course.